Propagating client time zone in OpenSRF
=======================================

OpenSRF has long inspected the envelope of incoming requests for information
about the client's locale and made this information available to business
logic.  This is used, among other things, to drive transparent translation of
in-database strings within Evergreen.  In addition to locale, OpenSRF will
now respect client-supplied adjustment to the effective time zone in which it
operates, and provide that information to the business logic layer of
applications built on the framework.

Client
------

As most clients that have time zones which differ from that of the server on
which the OpenSRF processes run are, in fact, web browsers, it is necessary
to include time zone detection directly within the browser.  This will be
stored in a cookie to be sent with all subsequent HTTP requests, and used in
all OpenSRF-over-HTTP calls made using the JavaScript bindings for OpenSRF,
including those for WebSockets communication.

For non-browser clients, such as support scripts written in Perl or other
scripting languages, the local system's mechanisms for detecting time zone
is relied upon.  For instance, Perl scripts can directly read the TZ
environment variable.

Additionally, the srfsh client now reads its local time zone from the
environment and passes that to the server. 

Server
------

Within OpenSRF services implemented in Perl, this information is now passed up
to the business logic layer via the TZ environment variable, and is reverted
to the server's value at the end of each request.  This allows automatic,
transparent use of the client's time zone in almost all cases, and provides a
system-normal access mechanism when direct access is required.

For OpenSRF services implemented in C, the time zone information is provided
as part of the request context object that is passed to implementation
functions.  In particular, this allows services that interact with a database
to set the time zone in which the database interprets timestamps to that of
the client.

